Special Forms
	If
		Cannot be expressed by any compound expression
	Define
		Same as above

Compute Square Roots using Newtons approximations
	- Gues Y value for square root of number x
	- Guess better by ((x/y) + y) / 2
	- If guess cannot get better (0.001)
		- (< (abs (- (square guess) x)) 0.001) (guess is close to x)
		- then return the guess.

(define (good-enough? guess x) 
    (< (abs (- (square guess) x)) 0.001))
(define (average x y) 
    (/ (+ x y) 2))

(define (improve guess x) 
    (average guess ( / x guess)))

(define (sqrt-iteration guess x) 
    (if (good-enough? guess x) 
            guess 
            (sqrt-iteration (improve guess x) x)))

(define (sqrt x) 
    (sqrt-iteration 1.0 x)) 


Local Names
	Formal Param of procuedure has a special role, it doesnt matter what name of the formal param has
	- Such name is called the *bound variable*, the procedure definition binds its formal parameters.
	- The meaning of the procedure definition is unchanced if the name of bound variable is consistently renamed.
	- If variable not bound, it is free
	- The set of expressions for which a binding defines a name is called the scope of the name.

Lexical Scoping
	Variable gets its value from the argument with which the enclosing procedure is called with.

Procedures and the Processes they generate
	Local evolution of computational process
	What statements can we make about the overall global behaviour of the process

Linear Recursive Processes
	Expansion followed by contractions
	There is a chain of deferred operations
	Interpreter keeps track of operations to perform later
	The amount of intformation to keep track of grows linearly.

Linear Iterative Processes

(define (factorial n) 
    (factorial-iteration 1 1 n))
(define (factorial-iteration product counter maximum) 
    (if (> counter maximum) 
        product 
        (factorial-iteration ( * counter product) ( + counter 1) maximum)))

	State can be summarized by a fixed number of state variables together with a rule on how to update them
	End test is optional
	Number of steps grows linearly.
	Space is constant!
		aka tail recursive.

Special Form
	Lambda
		Creates unnamed procedures
		More convenient than defining trivial procedures

Let is a special form
	Also syntactic sugar for using Lambda

(let ((x 3) 
        (y (+ x 3))) 
    ( * x y))

==> generates an error.

(let ((x 3)) 
       (let ((y (+ x 1))) ( * x y))) 

==> is how it should be written





