Binding
	Binding is an association of a name with a value
Bound Variable
	Is a variable for which a binding exists
Unbound
	Has no binding

Name
	At most one binding

Environment
	Consists of a set of bindings (name:value)

Environment
	Sequence of Frames

Frame
	Table of bindings
	Has a pointer to its enclosing environment, unless it is the primitive frame.

Primitive Frame
	The outermost, or root environment

Two Forms of Maintaining Bindings
	Dynamic Scoping
		Method used to define the scope and extend of variables in LISP and APL.
		Searched in reverse order of invocation.
		It is as if the return address is used to find the environments of its callers.
	Lexical Scoping
		Sometimes called Static Scoping
		Method used to define scope and extent of variables in Scheme, Lisp, Pascal, Algol
		Requires keeping track of the lexical order as well as the dynamic execution order at runtime.
		Implies that a procedure call can be more expensive.

Contour Model
	A graphical model of runtime environments for block structured programming languages.
	Describes the runtime execution of a program as a sequence of snapshots
	Illustrates the nested environments and hence the scoping and binding mechanisms used by a programming language

Model
	Consists of a set of contours each corresponding to a given environment

Steps
	- Evaluate each of the subexpressions
	- Create a new frame in which the formal parameter names of the functions are bound with the results of evaluating the operands
	- Add this frame to the new environment creted within the ep of the procedure.
	- Evaluate the body of the function with respect to the new frame and return the result.

1. (define (triple x y z)
2.    (lambda (m) (m x y z))) 
3. (define (first t)
4.    (t (lambda (x y z) x)))
5. (define (second t)
6.    (t (lambda (x y z) y)))
7. (define (third t)
8.    (t (lambda (x y z) z)))
9. (define a1 (triple 1 2 3))
10. (define a2 (triple 4 5 6))
11. (first a1)
12. (define a3 (second a2))
13. (define a4 (triple a1 a2 a3))


Breaking down TripleContours.ppt
	Frame 9
		procedures are declared but not yet invoked.
		draw an environment, consisting of a frame of lambda declarations.
		triple,first,second,third all point to enclosing environment.
	Frame 11
		Declare new variables a1 a2
		a1
			(triple 1 2 3)
			triple instance is a new frame, where x,y,y bound to 1,2,3
			a1 has pointer to triple instance 1
		a2
			(triple 4 5 6)
			same as above
			x,y,z -> 4,5,6
			a2 points to triple instance 2

		first is called with a1 as reference.
			a1 is lambda returned by triple
		first is called, first instance goes to line 4. line 4 points to 11.
		`t` is a lambda points to line 2 (where procedure triple returns lambda)
	Frame 12
		new environment second
		i should mention throughout line 11 and 12, when triple is envoked since a1 and a2 create a lambda which basically bind some values the environment is still active.
		triple 1 and triple 2 still active.
		Second has frame with t, that points to triple 2, and has value of lambda(2) where triple creates the lambda.
		Frame for second has line 6, where it goes, and line 6 will point back to line 12, wheere invoked...
		Not Done Yet
			Of course its not enought to say t has value lamda(2), because we know that it has an environment (t is a triple)
		t is lambda with param (m), where m is the lambda passed to it. where m is a2
			a2 is another triple.
