Metalinguistic Abstraction

Metacircular Evaluator
	Establishing a new language is a pwoerful strategy for controlling complexity in engineering design
	We can enhance our ability to deal with a complex problem by adopting a new language that enables us to describe the problem in a different way using primitives, means of combination, and means of abstraction.


Evaluator
	Or Interpreter
	Is a procedure that when applied to an expression of the language
		Performs the action required to evaluate that expression.
	Determines the meaning of expressions in a programming language
		Just another program
	Two Parts
		- Evaluate a combination
			- Compound expression other than a special form
			- Evaluate the subsexpression
			- Apply the value of the operator subexpression to the values of the operand subexp
		- Apply a compound procedure to a set of arguments, evaluate the body of the procedure in the new environment.

	Eval / Apply
		Eval procedures and arguments
		Apply expression and environment.

Bootstrap
	Language can not be totally defined in itself.
	External element is known as bootstrap.

Core of the Evaluator
	Takes as arguments
		Expression
			Evaluates what the expression is
			Looks up variables in environment to find their values.
			Primitive
				Numbers
			Special Forms
				Quoted
				Assignment
				If
				Lambda
				Cond
				Begin
			Combinations
				Eval must recursively evaluate the operator part and the operands of the combination.
		Environmen
			Where to look up expressions.

	Apply
		Takes a procedure, list of args that which the procedure should apply.
		Can classify a procedure into either primitive or compound.
		Primitive
			Built in
		Compound Procedure
			Extend environment
				Binds params of the procedures with the arguments
			Evaluate the sequence body of the procedure.

(define (apply procedure arguments) 
  (cond ((primitive-procedure? procedure) 
                           (apply-primitive-procedure procedure arguments)) 
            ((compound-procedure? procedure) 
                            (eval-sequence 
                                      (procedure-body procedure) 
                                      (extend-environment 
                                                  (procedure-parameters procedure) 
                                                   arguments 
                                                   (procedure-environment procedure)))) 
        (else 
                 (error "Unknown procedure type -- APPLY" procedure)))) 

Sequences
	Eval sort of works like a mapping function.
	Eval current Element, recurse with rest

(define (eval-sequence exps env) 
      (cond ((last-exp? exps)     (eval (first-exp exps) env))
                (else          (eval (first-exp exps) env) 
                                  (eval-sequence (rest-exps exps) env)))) 

Doing Assignments
 (define (eval-assignment exp env) 
        (set-variable-value! (assignment-variable exp) 
                                       (eval (assignment-value exp) env) 
                                       env) 
         'ok)
(define (eval-definition exp env) 
      (define-variable! (definition-variable exp) 
                                   (eval (definition-value exp) env) 
                                   env) 
      'ok)

Use bang operators... ^

MCI IF
(define (eval-if exp env) 
  (if (true? (eval (if-predicate exp) env)) 
      (eval (if-consequent exp) env) 
      (eval (if-alternative exp) env)))


...

http://people.scs.carleton.ca/~arunka/comp3007/lectures/ch7/307Notes7.html
